what's up guys Inspector Gadget here and
today I'm going to show you inspect the
gadgets top 15 favorite apps for the
Nexus 7 tablet
so let's hit SPECT it to subscriber 1f
do 8 to 465 in colombia for suggesting i
make this video now these are my top 15
Nexus 7 apps now number 15 is pocket
bang which is a neat little app that
allows you to do multitrack recording
now one of the things my subscribers may
not know about me is that I was a
professional music producer and worked
with famous artists like Lady gaga Akon
Lloyd Mario and a host of others and
every now and again I'll get an idea and
may just want to put it down and record
it but I'm not at home with all my
professional studio equipment so with
this app I can do beats vocals
instruments and and it even gives you EQ
and panning options so if you're a music
producer artist or just like to have fun
with music check out the link below for
the demo version of pocket band for your
music fix now F number 14 is directory
but now the rectory bike is dope because
it pulls your Nexus 7 to thinking
external storage devices are internal
memory by binding directories now this
allows you to store huge game files like
Nova 3 or asphalt 7 on a thumb drive our
home network and play them on your Nexus
7 now I have a link in the description
bar to one of my videos showing you how
to use directory by now and number 13 is
Google Wallet and with NFC built into
the Nexus 7 Google Wallet allows you to
store all of your debit and credit cards
in the app and simply use your device to
make purchases now with a free 10 bucks
from Google just for signing up and more
and more merchants using MasterCard
PayPass which is the service that Google
now uses to make the transactions Google
Wallet is a must have app for Nexus 7
owners on the go
number 12 root explorer now being a pure
Google Android tablet the Nexus 7 has
attracted many techies and tinkerers who
want to install custom
ron's custom kernels overclock and
optimize their tablet now root explorer
allows users with root access to do just
that and for those who aren't rooted
yeah you know but you want do the
occasional side loading of absurd just
one that more organized view of
everything on your device an alternative
would be file expert now i'm gonna
bundle nine ten and eleven together
since they're all travel apps with some
different in some overlapping features
now number eleven is gate guru which
allows you to find food options and
hundreds of airports around the globe
complete with reviews and ratings now it
also shows you where shops and services
like ATMs shoeshine services and
charging stations are located now a
great companion to gate guru is the
unrelated sikh guru app and that comes
in at number ten now not only can you
find great prices for flights from
multiple airlines and see guru but you
can also see a map of the available
seats on the plane color-coded to show
the most comfortable selections this is
the defining feature of sikh guru links
are down below however a number nine on
our list puts sikh guru and gate guru to
shame with its list of features kayak
allows you to search and book flights
hotels and rental cars and even gives
you price alerts in treks flights for
you and does all this with a very simple
easy to use interface kayak is one of
the most comprehensive options for
travelers check out the link down below
now coming in at number eight is an app
called play on now play on allows you to
watch tons of TV shows or movies and
will even connect to services you have a
subscription to like amazon video
on-demand or HBO GO Hulu and Netflix now
this came in handy when I bought my
Nexus 7 and realized Amazon didn't have
an app for watching my prime content on
Android check out the link below for
play on now number seven is Netflix now
although I can access my Netflix account
from the Play on App the Netflix app has
a better user interface and allows you
to kill your shows and movies for later
viewing and for $7.99 a month you can
watch content on your computer HDTV
smartphone and all the popular gaming
consoles links down below now flashing
in and number
six is you guessed it Dolphin Browser
now although the native Chrome mobile
browser is great it lacks an important
feature Adobe Flash support now the
latest Dolphin Browser doesn't support
flash either but if you can get your
hands on an earlier version and the
Adobe Flash apk you're home free and of
course I have a link down below to my
videos showing you exactly what you need
to do to get Dolphin Browser with Adobe
Flash working on your Nexus 7 now
speaking of Adobe touching down at
number five is Adobe Photoshop Touch now
this app is undoubtedly the best photo
editing app on Android not only can you
do the regular stuff like cropping and
resizing and you know just in color
saturation and contrast but you can do a
lot of what you can do with the
professional CS suite right from your
tablet things like adding multiple
layers to cut out portions of the photo
changing the backgrounds applying
various blurs to achieve depth of field
effects I mean this is easily the
coolest photo app ever now the only
problem is it's not available in the
Google Play Store for the Nexus 7
however if you have a 10-inch tablet you
can download it from the Google Play
Store and site loaded to your Nexus 7
the app costs $9.99 in the Play Store go
ahead and check out the links below
now notably number four is Evernote
which essentially allows you to take
notes of your life now you can get out
all your ideas by typing or using the
speech-to-text function or you can
record audio or snap a photo of those
memorable moments now you can even
attach a video or documents to your
notes the possibilities are
Evernote so check out the links downtown
yakking in and number three is talk
atone now I didn't think that I would
use this much but when I'm on my Nexus 7
and someone calls my Google Voice number
I can answer it right from my tablet and
it automatically uses the speakerphone
it also syncs all your contacts
automatically and you can send or
receive text messages all for free over
Wi-Fi the link to the tablet talking
taco phone is down below number two
Android voice extreme or AVX
is the best virtual assistant on the
market on any platform it annihilate
Sirian even has the capability to
some Google announced functions from
controlling the lights and thermostat in
their home to reading your Facebook and
Twitter feeds to keeping track of your
expenses
AVX does it all and will be the number
one app on this list if it was faster
had a better interface was easier to use
and didn't get annoying at times but
check out my video on AVX
in the link down below and coming in at
number 1 is Google now and Google Voice
Search now I blunt these end together
because frankly they should be lumped in
together most people just call them both
Google now collectively so now Google
now is just so amazing because it uses
your location data and previous search
history to make suggestions for you
depending on time of day and location I
mean you can be out somewhere and it'll
automatically suggest restaurants you
can take a look at the restaurants and
get reviews and ratings and coupled with
Google Voice Search it's just a
phenomenal app so that's about it guys
that's it for me
I'm Inspector Gadget you can follow me
on twitter at Inspector Gadget also
circled me on Google+ I've Inspector
Gadget and guys hit that like hurdle to
like this video and also if you want the
latest and greatest and tech news
reviews go ahead and hit that subscribe
button I've been in this video I'm
Inspector Gadget and I will see you on
the other side
[Music]